Xml participant (#377)
eProsima/DDS-Router: docs/rst/appendixes/glossary.rst

        Usually, the machines under the router network cannot be accessed from the outside unless a Port is forwarded
        in the router configuration, or if such host has previously started a TCP communication with the message source.

    QoS
        **Quality of Service**:

>         Collection of attributes and configurations that manage the behavior of an individual DDS entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Collection of attributes and settings that configure the behavior of DDS communications.
```
